Add documentation for use of dateTimestamp variable in yamls (#5364)
harness/developer-hub: docs/platform/variables-and-expressions/add-a-variable.md

* Harness supports only string type account-level, org-level, and project-level variables.
  * You can use secrets in pipeline, stage, and service variables.
* If you delete a variable that is referenced using [expressions](harness-variables.md) in entities like pipelines, the reference expressions are not deleted. At runtime, when the expressions are resolved, the expression will resolve as null.
* Variables include a **Required** setting. This feature is supported for pipeline, stage, service, and environment variables. The **Required** options is also enforced when the variable is defined in a template and the template is included in a pipeline.

> * Variables can be of type String, Secret or Number.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Variables can be of type String, Secret, or Number.
```

>    * If a variable is assigned a date value in the format '2002-12-14', the YAML converter adheres to the YAML convention by converting it into a datetime object. You can refer to the YAML specification for further details: YAML 1.2 Specification - 3.4.3.8. Tags.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * If a variable is assigned a date value in the format `2002-12-14`, the YAML converter adheres to the YAML convention by converting it into a datetime object. For more information, go to [Tags](https://yaml.org/spec/1.2.2/#3212-tags) in the YAML spec document.
```
